your facebook reach is almost dead but
we're about to change that
hey everyone i'm neil patel and today
i'm going to break down how to increase
your facebook engagement and get more
likes in 2022
look i want you to analyze and model
after your most popular posts
when you have content that performs
better than the other stuff that you're
posting best thing to do is post more of
that stuff when you have content that
doesn't do well and is underperforming
what should you do not post as much of
that stuff again you may want to try it
one or two more times or bury it up a
little bit but you want to post less of
the stuff that's not engaged
engaging and more of the stuff that
people are engaging with
so when you think about engagement and
your most popular posts look at the
content format is it images that they
like videos text what are the main topic
of the content pieces that they cover my
videos on seo tend to do better because
that's what people want
what's the type of media whether it's
video image photo live or even long form
posts they're all examples of stuff that
you could be doing but some probably do
better than others and it just depends
on your audience
once you have idea of what makes that
great post try to create something
similar
another thing that you should do is keep
it short have you heard of youtube
shorts or instagram reels
it's because people want short
digestible content heck tik tock was
famous for this and now everyone's
copying them because it works the vast
majority of people use facebook on their
mobile devices a whopping
98.3 percent of their users it doesn't
mean that they don't also use desktop
but they love the mobile devices
long-form posts have their own place but
when you can make sure that those posts
don't come with too much text and focus
on the core message in other words cut
down on the fact
the next thing you need to do is post
consistently and post at the right times
you should be optimizing your posts and
publishing them during times that people
are on facebook you want to increase the
odds of engagement
now question for you have you ever used
facebook page insights if you have leave
a comment below with yes if not leave a
comment no
if you use facebook page insights you
can check the time when your facebook
fans are online which helps you
understand which times you should be
posting and what days you should be
posing that'll help you get the most
engagement if i post at 6 00 pm my
engagement is going to suck if i post at
5 00 am pacific standard time i crush it
beyond that posting consistently will
give you the opportunity to be in front
of your audience on a regular basis they
say in marketing it's the rule of seven
when someone sees and engages with your
brand seven times they're much more
likely to remember it purchase from you
become a brand evangelist
right so you wanna post consistently to
get that effect
the next thing you want to get active in
facebook groups in 2020 facebook already
had 1.8 billion people using facebook
groups every month that's a lot of
people
you don't need to build a group with
your brand name you just got to go into
other people's groups participate engage
those groups should be related to what
you're trying to build an audience in
and as you help them out eventually some
of those people they'll mosey on to your
page or your you know profile and put a
friend request in and you'll build up
your following
so for example if i own a car repair
shop i can start a group around car
models that i focus on like
mercedes-benz gla suv owners or i could
just go into other mercedes-benz forms
or other car forms in my area and just
engage in them
next i want you to use facebook stories
stories get seen by over 500 million
people not every month not every week
but every day across facebook instagram
and whatsapp that's the power of stories
beyond that one billion stories are
created every day not weekly not monthly
that's daily the cool thing about
stories is you don't need a lot of
production bust out your phone like
right now saying hey everyone i'm just
creating this story shooting in a
youtube video and boom i'm going to post
this right now
that's the example of a story right i
didn't actually post that but you get
the point you can post things from your
company your day to day your personal
stories what you're doing and there's
not much more to it
you don't need to worry about the
quality or too much about the content
it's just about and when i say quality
i'm talking about the video quality not
necessarily the quality of what you're
speaking to and when i say you don't
need to worry about content you need to
worry about like each and every single
word and storyline it out or type it out
and then read it word for word
just keep it simple and be yourself
next avoid engagement bait
i know it's tempting to ask your
followers to like and share and comment
on your posts but facebook actively
analyzes your content they see just
engagement bait or tricks you won't get
penalized you won't get banned you just
won't get the reach that you're looking
for they want engagement because your
content is amazing
the next thing that you need to do
whether you like it or hate it you
should spend a little bit of money and
boost your facebook posts with your
existing audience more of them will see
it
when more of them see it then what ends
up happening is then when you post stuff
that isn't boost more of those people
will engage and you'll tend to do better
but make sure you boost the posts that
tend to do naturally better because
that'll help boost your
you know score with the algorithms if
you need help with your facebook
engagement check out my ad agency np
digital if you enjoy the video like it
share it tell people about it if you
have any questions leave a comment below
i'm here to help thank you very much